review/text: First of all, the company took my money and sent me an email telling me the product was shipped. A week and a half later I received another email telling me that they are sorry, but they don't actually have any of these items, and if I received an email telling me it has shipped, it was a mistake.When I finally got my money back, I went through another company to buy the product and it won't work with my phone, even though it depicts that it will. I have sent numerous emails to the company - I can't actually find a phone number on their website - and I still have not gotten any kind of response. What kind of customer service is that? No one will help me with this problem. My advice - don't waste your money!
review/text: this is NOT a DATA CABLE this is only a USB charger dont buy this.
review/text: Well, it technically does what it is supposed to do--that is, allows you to transfer files from your phone to your computer or vice versa. But, it is rude & puts up a fight to do so. The thing came with no instructions, so it took forever to install. Once installed, it creates a desktop icon which can't be removed or modified...because it's not actually a desktop icon (when I figure out what exactly this thing is, I'll post it) or in the registry at all. Actual transfer of files takes over the entire computer (don't have anything else running) and is slower than a floppy drive! I've found a ton of settings and such that the software changed without asking (rude in my book), so I'm probably going to have to re-install Windows to get everything back the way I like it. Although, it's nice to have the pics off my phone to email and have a custom wallpaper & ringtones on my phone, I'm really thinking of returning this rude little punk. If I could, I'd give it zero stars.(I'm not 100% sure that this will make a difference since the main problem appears to be Sony's software that you download from them, but the cable appears to be made by someone other than Sony and the oficial Sony Data cable is pretty much only sold through Sony's website.)Update on 6/4/2006:I was given a data cable for my Sony Ericsson z500a as a gift (turned out to be a 3rd party cable like this product is). At first, I was happy that I'd be able to transfer pictures taken with my camera phone to my computer to email to friends back home...but after installing everything, the thing only worked a few times at a nerve-rackingly slow pace. After tons of headaches messing with that, I contacted Sony's tech support. They don't seem to know how to figure out problems very well, and about all they could do on that call was get my info to send out a new cable. The new cable (Sony Ericsson cable) doesn't seem to work either, and I've called them several times now--each time speaking with 2-3 reps.So, my advice would be to not bother with the data cable (third party or Sony's) since neither will work properly. If you have a third party cable such as this product, don't tell Sony tech support because then they won't help you, so you're basically just out the money you spent on a cheap unofficial cable. Just enjoy your Sony Ericsson z500a & watch anyone who has a camera phone that has a working data cable for ideas for your next phone.
review/text: If you purchase this data cable, you need to know that you will receive no real directions or information regarding what to check if nothing works. As directed, I downloaded all of the files from the SE site (70MB on dial up!), and then downloaded all of the user guides. Everything seemed to install ok, but nothing would make my phone be recognized. After that I scoured the SE site for troubleshooting info on their branded cable-in the hope that something would help me figure out the problem. After 2 full days of beating my head against the wall, I finally threw the cable and the useless CD that came with it in the trash.If I had used my brain I would have paid the extra $$ for a SE branded cable and software (and the support that comes along with that). I now have the real deal (SE data cable and software), and guess what? Yep, installation was a breeze and it works beautifully. You really do get what you pay for.
review/text: According to the specifications this headset supports Bluetooth 1.2, as well as the Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) and the Audio Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP). I could not get any sound to come out when connected with my Sony Ericsson w600i in phone or Walkman mode, and people could not hear me when I called them. I tried every setting possible, read the instructional booklets for each device and the thing still wouldn't to anything when connected. I am guessing that this headset works fantastically with any Motorola device, but as far as I'm concerned this product is guilty of false advertising. After this experience I do not plan on buying any Motorola Bluetooth devices.
review/text: The case I had didn't fit properly - the window obstructed the rightmost side of the display. You could shift it over, but it would always shift back. I don't know if they are all that way (maybe I got a bad one?), but I didn't want to buy another one to find out.
review/text: The averall construction is good but the placement of the holes leave a lot to be desired. It changes position very easily and constantly covers the, already way too small, holes you speak into. I would have been very dissapointed if I would have paid the original asking price of $... The belt clip feature is good.
review/text: I bought these for use on my ipod earbuds. I had an old pair (they were green) that worked great, but I lost one. Within minutes of putting them on the earbuds, they split open - all three pairs! If you're planning on using these for your ipod headphones, look into the older colored ones - I believe they're a different material and less prone to cracking.
review/text: Save your money. The eargels split in two days. I used regular ear buds on the large size. They did hold the buds in the ear better, but no gain in sound quality. If you want the small and med, I'll send them to you for shipping. I have no use for them.
review/text: I have ear gels before, but none that were this cheap (and I don't mean cost!). There was no consistency in the size (they come in different sizes, but no two were the same). And without fail, every single one I tried to use split in half after being installed on the ear piece. Every one! It didn't seem to matter if they were small or larger -- or even larger than the ear piece. The material just began tearing from both sides and ended up falling off in ever instance.I am sure there must be a better quality version of these things somewhere. I seriously do not recommend these to anyone.
review/text: They don't stay on the bluetooth...when they do stay on they work great! So I feel like I wasted my money :-(
review/text: These may work for some people, but for others like me, they're worthless. The fit was horrible and they did not stay in my ear. They also caused my Jawbone Prime to protrude far enough so that the front part no longer touched my face (which is required for their noise reduction circuitry to work). I threw these away and am now using the stock earbud with the ear hook.These are designed for people with a certain ear shape. If your ears don't conform to this shape (which is likely the case for many people), these will be useless. If you want these, I suggest buying from a local store where you might be able to try them on, or at least to return them without having to pay return shipping.
review/text: I got these in hope It would give me a good fit to my jawbone 2, but they did not work for me. I think they even made it less of a fit.
review/text: I have a jawbone headset, before I have read some review on the website everyone is recommend to buy the jarbra eargel to go with my jawbone, I found that is very untrue, before I was using with the hook, my jawbone never fell out of my ear, but when I first wear my jawbone with eargels. it kept on fell out of my ear. so I stop using them, to me a a waste of money, I like my jawbone the way it is. and it's comfortable for my usage as well. could be happy than that.
review/text: GOT THIS PRODUCT TO USE WITH A BLUETOOTH. NO INSTUCTIONS ON HOW TO FIT OR USE IT.SIZES DIDNT FIT MY EAR.
review/text: The title says it all. Preset sizes of the EarGels just don't fit my ears. The tube that directs sound does not go in my ear canal far enough and the hook that is supposed to hold the unit in your ear will not hold it in mine. None of the 3 sizes of gels made a difference.Try before you buy if possible.
review/text: Although good quality product, it doesn't fit my ear at all. None of the sizes fit comfortably or snug. I can't use it at all and just wasted my money.
review/text: I bought these to help with what I've read, to get the Jawbone to fit better. These ear pieces were hard to get into the ear no matter what size I tried. For a wireless earpiece you want to be able to get it on and off your ear quick if you need to, and these prevent you from doing so.
review/text: I was misled by a user review that indicated the gels would help my new Jawbone stay in my ear without the hook. The gels would stay in my ear but came off my headset, allowing it to fall to the ground. These may be OK but not for my application.
review/text: I bought two sets of these. They're priced at $9.50. But, when they arrived, the price tag still stuck on the item says $2.99. Nice way to hide your "shippign cost" ($6.51) from your customers! This company goes on my "Never Again" list!
review/text: great idea the issue is some people (me) dont have the "flap" that these fit into on my ear, the top piece needs to be at least 5mm longer to fit without falling out. the teacup ear bud works better.and since i opened it i cant return it way to go amazonif your ears dont have deep folds do not buy these.
review/text: Kudos to the dude/dude-ette who figured out that the Jabra ear gels might improve the bad, painful and ineffective stock rubber covers provided with your Jawbone product. The Jabra gels aren't a perfect solution for my Icon-Hero, but they're heaps better than the original earbud-nonsense supplied with the bluetooth unit (which I totally dig). Still, the drama of finding a way to "rig" a $100 electronic device from a reputable manufacturer so that it doesn't hurt your ear is not cool. Aliph-Jawbone are you listening? I know that all ears and fit requirements are different, but I'm just sayin'...really? Anyway, if you've been looking for an alternative to the problem(s) associated with the original, messed-up-a$$ earbuds, you might already know that you gotta use one of the round earbuds like the one on the unit when it was new so that the Jabra eargel can fit over it. Here's the thing: depending on which size Jabra eargel you use, you may have to swap out that stock Jawbone ear bud. I.E. - the large Jabra gel doesn't fit over the smallest, Jawbone ear bud. So be prepared to play with those combinations a bit as well as figuring out the right Jabra gel to get your best fit. Once you work that out, give it a chance as you and your ear may need a moment to adjust to how it feels. The volume improvement is nice too. Good luck.
review/text: The service was good but the product didn't have enough info for me to make a wise decision. At the end I couldn't use the product on my jabra ear piece. The item description should have information on compatible Ear sets to help make a better purchasing choice.
review/text: These are not the same that come on the earbud, and are not easy to use, or to hear from. I sent mine back!
review/text: Absolute waste of money. What arrived was knock off crap that smelt like petrol and was slightly greasy/slippery to the touch.I left them sitting outside their packaging for a month so see if they improved but all they did was make the area smell like them.Given the price and cost to return not worth the trouble to send back however I would never buy from these guys again.Am fairly surprised at the comments of quality etc - suggest people go and see what the real thing looks/feels/smells! like in a retail store.
review/text: Complete waste of money. All three sizes pushed my Jawbone ICON out too far from my face to make contact with my jawbone.I know my ears stick out ... I am not dumbo though. This was a waste of money for me, thankfully they were only 10 bucks.I went back to the ear pads that came with the ICON... Is stays in for a while as long as i don't move... Not quite battlefield worthy as JB claims...
review/text: Well I took a chance on these. I read previous reviews and believed what they said...Always go with your first instincts. I should have known better. They looked too big in the pictures, but the reviews made it sound like only a tiny part of these ear gels actually went in your ear. So I took a chance on them.I was so disappointed. They come with three sizes, however even the smallest size is much bigger than the ear bud on the Jabra bluetooth device, which was the initial problem. Don't believe previous reviews that tell you that these will solve the problem, they make it worse.I now have the newest, most expensive Jabra bluetooth device that will not stay in my ear. When it is in correctly it is very painful. I am now going to purchase the earbuds that I thought sounded good before I read the reviews. I will update then.
review/text: These were way to big for my ears. Even the small size was to large. I usually wear the medium size ear gel that comes with the BT device. I am using these on a Jabra Extreme 2 so maybe they were not made for that device. The gel did fit properly over the device however but I had to force it hard into my hear and it became pretty painful after a couple of hours of wear.
review/text: I purchased the eargels which was very comfortable and initally stable. Unforunately after a few weeks of infrequent use my ICON would fall out of the eargel and when stored away it invarable fell out and I would have to replace the ICON back into the eargel. So I have returned to using the original ICON rubber piece which although not as comfortable at least stayed in place.
review/text: With the rubber ring in place the head set does not seat well in the gels and comes out too easily. With the ring off it will barely stay in the small size. The medium gels fit me best until they are stretched by the rubber ring. One gel even split wen trying to put the earpiece back in. I am trying the small for now until I find a better solution.
review/text: I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear. The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear. They seem to be made of a very thick silicone that has a slightly slippery feel to them. I was really disappointed with these. Stay away if you have small ear canals.
review/text: None of them actually fit my ear or the other person I brought them for. They were way too big. If you have small ears don't purchase this item.
review/text: I was looking forward to some really comfortable gel inserts for my earphones. I thought these would fit the bill, but they don't by a long shot. To begin with, even the smallest size was far too big to fit my ears. The large looked gigantic. I cannot in good faith recommend these. If they develop ones that are sized appropriately, I might give them a try. I gave these to a couple of friends, and even they said there was no way these word work for them either. What more can I say? Stick with inserts from companies like Shure or Westone.
review/text: Complete waste of $12.00. If they stayed in your ear they might be worth something, but good luck with that. In-ear earbuds work so much better than these.
review/text: These probably work great for some people, but they didn't for me. None of the three sizes gave me just the right fit and I ended up going back to the factory gel that came with the device.
review/text: None of the gels came close to fitting in my ear - I ended up using the little rubber ring in the kit on my Jabra bluetooth to keep it from slipping out. Highly not recommended...
review/text: DO NOT BUY FROM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Sent me Jabra EarGels claiming they fit the Jawbone Prime 2. They did not. Because I had them for 28 days, they would not take them back. Their return policy stated that you can return up to 30 days.DO NOT BUY FROM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
review/text: I got these for my jawbone headset. Many had said they work great. but for the life of me i cant figure out how you get them to work short of superglue and even then they are too quiet to hear so i guess they work on the jabra they are designed for but not the jawbone.
review/text: Save youself some money. The Jabra Ear Gels are an absolute waste. They actually fit worse than the stock ear buds from Jawbone.I was even more disappointed that I paid $4.63 shipping on a worthless $9.99 product. It's not even worth returning. Lesson learned. Hopefully you will also.
review/text: I only have one word to say about it..."NOT RECOMMENDED"...but still you can go ahead & waste your $ 10 to find out...Good Luck
review/text: Only buy these if you have huge ears! Even the smallest ones were too big for my ears.Jabra EarGels - ClearI suppose in theory they should work to channel the sound into your ear, but that's only if the pieces fits into your ear, I didn't get a chance to test that aspect.
review/text: This product ended up being a waste of money for me. They didn't fit too well so I ended up just using the original Jawbone ear piece with the these.
review/text: In an odd case of poor quality control, the package of eargels came with two of one of the six sizes and missing one of the others. I bought them to make my Jawbone headset fit. It's better than it was, but still not ergonomic.
review/text: They look cheep and feel cheep and well.. they are cheep but they don't work which is the bottom line. Fitting them onto the jawbone does not lock into place so the ear piece you just spent over a 100bucks for falls out of your ear! It's not worth it since Jawbone gives you five ear buds that lock onto the Jawbone, which fit your snugly in your ear. They also give you a left ear or a right ear bar that lets you choose which works for you. So this product fails and had I'd seen them in person I wouldn't have spent my money on them.
review/text: I bought these Jabra Eargels from another retailer, because I thought they had the colored ones, which are supposedly more durable than their clear counterparts. Well, they did not have the colored ones, but the clear ones I received from them were horrible junk. I tried the pieces on before fitting them with headphones and the medium and large pieces fit great in my ear, I thought I was really going to like this product! I didn't consider to think that putting in the somewhat oversized earbud driver was going to stretch the entire piece. It took a lot of struggle to even get the earbud in in the first place, I had to let them warm up so that the material was at least somewhat stretchy first. I eventually got the earbuds to stay, and tried to fit them in my ear. Well, they wouldn't. They were stretched to far to fit in my ear AT ALL, it was like trying to force a square peg into a round hole.So I let them sit for a while and went to do something else, I come back and decide they're not for me(after trying all sizes), and when I'm packing them back up, I notice that the large size has a giant split right down the middle on both sides, leaving a tiny 3mm strip of material that hasn't torn through. I returned them, and who would blame me? See the title, this product is complete garbage.
review/text: these were advertised to fit the habra stone. they did not. i don't know if they changed the advertisement since then but it was aid to be a package with the habra stone so i got it. not even one piece fit. threw them away
review/text: These ear gels were supposed to fit easily on the Jabra Bluetooth that I have, but they don't stay on at all once they were placed on it. I was hoping the contoured shape would hold in my ears, but it just proved to be very uncomfortable.
review/text: Not one of the ear gels worked. Feel like I got ripped off. The ear gels are headed to the trash can where they belong.
review/text: When I first installed one of these on my new Jawbone II, they were fantastic. They fit my ear canal perfectly, negating the need for the ear loop that came with it. Unfotunately after a few days they started rejecting my headset. The ear pieces would not stay on the Jawbone, and they would no longer stay firmly in my ear. I tried washing and drying them thoroughly, but that only helped for an hour or so. I am not sure what the fit problem is, but they turned out to not work for my Jawbone II and me at all.
review/text: They feel better than the jawbone junk but there is no perfect fit even though they give you several different sizes. Then the jawbone bluetooth falls out of most of them.Basically, a waste of money unless you are one of the lucky ones that all fits as you had hoped.
review/text: Great product- tried others and this is a ten compared to them. Real easy to use and sync's easily. Definite recommended buy to transfer data to and from your Cell.
review/text: works really good....a little hard to set up...web part doesnt work thru handset manager as advertised.....have to go into networking and turn it on
review/text: The price was right for this cable ($11.95+$4.94 S&H;) compared with Sony Ericssons offering ($25+). There are a few different prices on Amazon through the same company, MyNetDeals.com, so make sure you get the $11.95 one.So I popped the CD in, followed the 2 line .txt instruction file on the disk and...nothing happened?!? Well, my phone started to charge. If you have a similar problem you may try what I did.I had previously installed a variety of the S.E. downloadable software on my computer. It took me about 15 minutes of fumbling around, but I made my way to the Phone Monitor Options by opening the catcheventatl.exe in C:\Program Files\Sony Ericsson\Mobile\Mobile Phone Monitor. From the pop-up window you have to hit the Options button. There may be a better way to get here, but this is how I did it. Go to the COM Ports tab and enable all of the COM ports. It told me it wouldnt enable COM4 because of an IR conflict, but within a few seconds, my phone was recognized, presumably on one of the remaining ports. I may not have had this issue if I installed the software fresh with the cable, but I had previously been using the IR feature to transfer data. The cable is faster than IR, but not tremendously. The big benefit is you dont have to worry about losing line of site and messing up your download.Hope you have success.
review/text: There's not much to say about a data cable -- it works as expected. I am able to transfer files from my phone to the PC and vice-versa.
review/text: I have a Sony Ericsson K700i, which doesn't sell in the US, but after I received the USB Data Cable I have some troubles installing it but soon after those we're resolved I worked great, I'm very pleased with my purchase and would highly recommend this product and any other from MyNetDeals (electro_island), it's really a very big save from buying direct from Sony Ericsson. Thanks!.
review/text: This is a good cable to have. You don't need to subscribe to the data service to download/upload pictures and ringtones to your phone. This cable pays for itself in about one month.
review/text: This cable saves me a lot of money. I don't need to buy stuff online when now I can download it straight to my PC. makes it easy to transfer Pictures, ring tones, contact numbers. It is great to put things on and off. Also great for keeping a back up.
review/text: A great device, I use it with a NOKIA 9300 it is great.I use it during the gym, I can hear my songs and do not waste a call at all.Cons.: Low Volume, Not as loud as an ipod or mp3 playerPro: Very very confortable, great singal coverage.I you are looking for hearing your mp3 songs in your phone it is great. Watch out that it is not compatible to hear mp3 music from all MOtorola, I tried it with a V3i, and I only was able to use it as a regular bluetooth headset, I could not hear any music at all.I gurantee you your satisfaction.
review/text: I've gone through many different bluetooth headphones. This is the first pair I ever bought many many years ago. I'm wearing them right now. I've tried the S9's, S10's, Jabra Halo, Jabra Sport, Arctic Cooling. That doesn't even include the plain old jerk-buds.These look atrocious. My wife hates them. They are still my gold standard.I have a walk that kills BT reception every time on every headset. These only lose the signal for half a step. The Jabra Sport, by contrast, doesn't even work when it is set on the table in front of me. The Arctic Cooling headphones are my latest. They are more comfortable, but still lose the signal whenever I walk outside.Yes, I live next to a Cell Tower. So my situation is very stressful for a BT headphone or headset. The BT820s, old school, just work. Period.
review/text: Review is a few years late. Worked great when I had them. You look like a complete dork with them on. Product is archaic now.
review/text: I would like to buy two or more shells, do you offer differents colors to choose from? wich colors are there? this is because i would like to pay only one shipping fee. Please answere ASAP.
review/text: This leather cover provides a professional finish for the hand held computer. A yuppie must-have accessory.
review/text: I thought this item was great for the money. If we would have bought it new from Verizon it would have cost 2x or 3x as much. Very happy.
review/text: The charger works fine as advertised. The location of the of the charger inlet on the phone itself is not very good - makes it awkward if you are charging and trying to talk.
review/text: Great case... cingular should get their cases from this supplier... cingular's case is... sorry can't use that word.
review/text: This item came earlier than expected! It is everything I wanted and more! I speak Italian, so it was easy to read the instructions. You can change it to English if you like...SUPER SIMPLE! GRAZIE!
review/text: I purchased this charger along with the &quot;Ericsson 1200 mAh Extended Battery&quot; for my LX588. I had to return the battery because it does not fit in either of the two slots provided by this charger. Don't get this charger with the larger 1200mAh Ericsson battery. BTW, the Charger works great with regular sized Ericsson batteries. I like the discharge feature in the back slot.
review/text: Well constructed case, of good quality leather. Looks, works just fine. However, my wife broke the belt clip on hers in under 6 month, I broke mine in under a year. My guess is, if you never dropped your cellphone (is that possible?) you would never have any serious complaints with this case. I'm here, now, to order another one...and they're on sale! Hooray!
review/text: The cover fits reasonably well, with only slight shifting. It does not obstruct any of the controls, display, the mouthpiece or the earpiece. I really like the clip on the back. I'm pretty satisfied overall.
review/text: The Motorola StarTAC Hands Free Car kit is outstanding. The speaker audio is loud and clear and the microphone pick up crisp. I have had hands free on my previous car phones and it is the &quot;way to go&quot;. The kit is very inclusive and easy to install if you are comfortable with basic electronics and able to take the molding, etc, off your car in order to run the antenna coax, etc. (External antenna is not included but you really need to get one for maximum performance) Anyone who has installed a Ham or CB radio will be right at home. The mounting of the holder for the StarTAC cell phone itself may need some modification or you may want to make a bracket in order to get a neat installation.I would suggest that you mount it as high as possible in order to keep it as close to your driving line of sight for safety concerns. Mine worked flawlessly after a 2-3 hour install in a Ford F-150. Will be mounting one in our Lincoln TC soon. Also suggest that you mount the hands free microphone near the center of the car (near the rear view mirror or center it on the dash) so that a passenger can be heard should they speak. A must have.
review/text: The biggest minus is having to remove the phone from the cradle and unplug the cord from the phone to remove from the car. Other than that minor inconvienence it works great
review/text: If you have had an issue with the Jawbone headset staying in your ear, purchase these babies and pick out the one that works best in your ear. Then you can attach it to your Jawbone one of two ways. First is the easiest, take off the twist ear piece and place the Jabra EarGel on. Put it on your ear and find the best position for you. Then place a couple of small (super tiny) drops of super glue on the EarGel and the Jawbone. Let it setup overnight and presto! You have a great bluetooth that stays in place. The other is to take one of the extra ear buds and take it apart and keep the ring. Place that ring inside the EarGel and glue it into place. Keep in mind you must have the correct position so when you put it on that it has the perfect fit once it is twisted.
review/text: I accidentally tore the original factory bud off the aliph jawbone by not reading the instructions first, leaving a locking plastic ring which I saved. I bought the Jabra Clear Gels from 'Radio Snack' for under $5 and replaced the factory bud with this empty plastic ring on the jawbone, then pressed the gel piece over the ring and speaker hole to make a nice factory-like fit to the jawbone and a custom fit to my large ear canal. There was no extreme stretching of the Gel over the thin ring. The new Gel with the factory locking ring holds itself securely in my ear and the sound quality is much improved over the loose fitting factory buds.
review/text: Used these to replace the painfuly uncomfortable original earpads on my Samsung WEP200 Bluetooth headset and they're a tremendous improvement. Great that they include small, medium and large pads to ensure custom like fit. If not for these I wouldve had to chuck the earpiece in the garbage. They obviously won't fit every device out there so you maybe taking a gamble.
review/text: This is an excellent product to use for a bluetooth headset. I use it with the Samsung Wep200 and it fits perfectly. It comes with several different sized gels, which can be shared with family members. This product finally allows me to use my bluetooth without worrying about the headset falling from my ear during normal use.
review/text: These eargels are much more comfortable than the ones that came with my Jawbone 2. I don't have to wear the earloop anymore either. Great buy!
review/text: I bought these eargels for my bluetooth, which happens to be a Samsung WEP200, and it fit it perfectly. Gives great comfort and a perfect fit. Comes with more than just three. Comes with a whole bunch. Highly recommended product
review/text: I had trouble getting good base with the standard ear gels - these work great and fit nicely in my ears.
review/text: Very pleased with EarGels & was surprised how fast they arrived. Certainly makes a big difference in being able to use my Jawbone, which would not stay in my ear with any of the factory supplied ear molds. Jawbone would do well to cut a deal with Jabra to furnish Ear Gels with all their Jawbones. Use it about 75% more now. Thanks for a good deal & fast shipping.
review/text: Looking for something to work with my Jawbone ICON. The set consists of 3 pairs of eargel (three sizes). Found the size that fit and inserted the ICON. Works OK, but not as snug as I would like on my right ear. Tried the left ear one and it was much better; fit was better and sound was louder. Tried several types of earphone adapters, and these seem to work better than most. If you have a problem with fit on one ear, try the other one.
review/text: They work fine, keep the Jawbone firmly in the right place, and are almost comfortable. There are 6 in the package: 3 sizes each for left and right ear. I was surprised that the one that worked for me is the large one (no, i don't have gigantic ears!) :0) so try them all on until you find one that works.With the Jawbone, put the small plain rubber ring on first, then the eargel goes over the ring.
review/text: Works great, fits better. Works with a range of headsets. I use it with a jawbone iciness and a jabra extreme. The gels are comfortable, and fit quite well. Before buying these I was seriuosly thinking of a custoel. Th ese are almost the well fitting. Biggest issue is that the material hardens and may need replaced in about 6 months, but for the price I can live with that.
review/text: The Ear Gel was advertised. They came with pieces for all 3 sizes both left and right. It fit my Jabra BT2080 perfectly. I would definitely buy again.
review/text: The Jawbone bluetooth headset is a great little device, but unfortunately, none of the supplied ear pieces fit comfortable in my ear. I was all ready to return it, when I decided to try these Jabra EarGels. Well, I got them yesterday, and they make a world of difference. The Jawbone now comfortable fits in my ear, the little piece that is supposed to be touching my cheek is doing so. In fact, it is such a good fit I don't even need the other-the-ear hook any more!The EarGels come in three sizes, and are designed to fit the contours of your ear - not just to be shoved in an held in my force. Why JawBone themselves don't make something like this to come with the headset is beyond me, but at least Jabra stepped up to fill the void!
review/text: When I searched the net for a more comfortable ear piece for my jawbone era I came across this. I had read several mixed reviews about them. After a few more days of the era falling out my ear or my ear being super sore from the provided gels I took a chance.These are great. They are better than the jawbone ones in every way. They stay in my ear better. They are more comfortable. I can, also, hear the audio better.I give these five stars because they are perfect for me. If I were rating this for other folks I would probably rate it 4 stars because there are only 3 sizes. If you don't fit one it will be frustrating.
review/text: The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well. I use one set on my iPhone headphones and one on my Jabra Bluetooth.
review/text: These Ear Gels Work Very Well, Comfort Is The Main Reason I Bought Them, Fit The Ear Very Well, The Price Was Right, You Will Not Go Wrong With These Ear Gels, That Is Why I Gave Them Five Stars
review/text: Product works perfectly with jawbone 2. Ease of use without needing to change anything on ear peice. Will need to decrease volume when using the nanda ear gel. Getting good fit easy with the differen sizes provided. Soft material makes comfortable for extended use , and no need for the ear loop.
review/text: got these for my JB prime....and they do the trick....i work outdoors out of my cable van all day.....and this holds my earpiece in place for a couple hours...till my ear hurts....the stock one wouldnt hold it in my ear and hurt alot worse.....had to use the round ear piece...not the one with the hoop in it....these slid right over....works great....
review/text: I purchased this product after searching for ways to make Jawbone fit better. It worked!! Now my Jawbone fits perfectly, not popping/falling out of my ear. Also noticed I didn't need the volume as loud with audio directed into the ear canal. The Jawbone rests perfectly against my jaw for crystal clear conversations. It's also not necessary to keep the earpiece in the ear at all times while in standby. The eargels make the headset easy to find in your pocket/purse and put in the ear when receiving a call. I do recommend washing the earbuds with antibacterial soap and water prior to use then occasionally to reduce ear tenderness. Make sure to dry it well before putting it back on your bluetooth headset or other device.
review/text: These EarGels make using my Jawbone I for long periods of time much more comfortable. I just put the EarGel over the existing ear button and it fits just right in my ear. No need to push and shove to get it seated and tight. Makes for a better drive when I am not always pushing in on the Jawbone to make sure it stays put. Great addition to any bluetooth earpiece that it will fit.
review/text: I love this product. It holds my headset in my ears in it's own and I can hear everything. I have small ears so this has always been a problem for me. Great product.
review/text: Ladies and Gentlemen..... I bought this product to go with my jawbone 2. and it is GREAT!! With this product I am able to take off the loop that comes with my jawbone and wear it all day without any problems. I actually have to turn the sound down when I wear it because it is loud. It looks so much better without the ear loop. I found the best way to figure out which size to use is to try the ear gels in your ear first until you find the right one. Be careful putting the ear gel over the Jawbone ear piece ( you dont want to tear it). There is a chance that these ear gels wont fit your ear but for the price they cost it is worth the gamble. If it fits you'll find a new level of comfort, sound quality and not to mention it looks a lot better to get rid of the ear loop.
review/text: I hated the fit of my Jawbone 2.0. It would never stay in no matter which ear loop or ear bud I used. Someone recommended these to me, so I thought I'd give them a try. After 2 months of using it, I'm pissed I didn't get them sooner. Before chucking your Jawbone 2.0, try these.
review/text: I read a few negative reviews and was hesitant to buy the gels. I wish I would have done it sooner. I got six gels, three for each ear and they are incredibly more comfortable than ear loop/hard plastic circles that comes along with the Jawbone. Well worth the money.
review/text: These EarGels are the best solution bar-none to fix the comfort issue with the Aliph Jawbone 2. They make it possible to leave the jawbone in place for extreme durations. My only concern now is that my jawbone is so comfy and fixed it so well with no weight that I might fall asleep on it or take a sower with it on! To mod this onto the jawbone I simply removed the earbud O-ring and found the right size eargel for my ear. (Large in this case) then got some super glue to paint around where the O-ring attached on the jawbone, then simply placed the jawbone inside the eargel that I fitted on my ear. Left it in my ear for a few hours to dry and done. (Course I kept wearing it even after those hours were up) :)
review/text: I really like these. I like that there are 3 different sizes for each ear. I use the small ones and my husband uses the large ones. It was like they were made just for my ears. I would recommend these even for headphone, not just bluetooth headsets.
review/text: These eargels work with the Aliph The New Jawbone, or Jawbone 2, or the slim jawbone. I found that the earbuds provided from Aliph did not suit my ear. It was not secure even with the earloop attached. These did the trick. It was a gamble at first since i found barely any reviews on such a product with its compatibility with the New Jawbone, but it worked out for the best. These are not made for the jawbone so you are relying on its snug fit to stay in place. I removed the original eargel and replaced these onto the unit. It is snug enough for me to use without the earloop. Also its design makes the eargel stay in place in your ear. It may be tricky to fit in your ear at first but in time you'll get the feel for it. It fits my ear perfectly with the largest size. As a bonus you get multiple sizes. This is an excellent solution for those that don't have the right ear for the original gels provided for the New Jawbone.On another note it attracts dust because it has the silicon feel. Washing with water fixes it right up.This review is based upon purchase through Amazon and ownership for more than half a year.
review/text: These were recommended for use on my Jawbone hands-free headset, and they work great. The variety of sizes and left/right ear options let me find the one that was just right for me.
review/text: I have small ears, so the only one I can use is the small, and it is still not small enough. But the only way I can wear my bluetooth is with the Jabra eargel. So they work pretty good!
